no and now we are going to talk about a topic
that has driven more than 10 million people crazy
of people around the world and is that the
New iPhone has broken sales records
and from previous orders but what is it that
has this phone again
smart also came to remove one of
the technology meetings more
world's important campus party
what new was this year we know
what next
a great hubbub in the theater of san
francisco california apple company
most valuable in the world whose value exceeds
the 100 million euros presented the
iphone 5 the most anticipated of the
history
with 2007 when the company's
Manzanita launched the first version of the
iphone selling around 270 thousand
copies in the first 30 hours of
sale its great success extended
quickly around the world
revolutionizing cell phones and in
less than 5 years there were five versions
different from iphone
iphone 3g already had a gps device
iphone 3gs had one more processor
fast iphone 4 had a more design
radical with glass forward and back
iphone 4s improved the processor and already
allowed facetime video calls to
via wifi but according to its creators
all that is a thing of the past because the
iphone 5 arrived to revolutionize
again the telephone market
mobile
but who has the new iphone know
his main innovations
Its screen is more elongated and allows
The best visibility of the images is 18%
finer and weighs 20% less than the version
previous
your a6 processor has twice as much
performance than version 4 s and now
has 4g connection for example if
before to download a song it
it took several minutes with this system
it can be done in seconds the
video calls through facetime now
they have a surprise
what you can now access with the
iphone4 in the future with the iphone5
laser from anywhere on the planet
at any time of the day and the best of
all without the need for wifi connection
advantages are so attractive that in such
only 24 hours a paul has received orders
reaching 2 million units
Ecuador is not the exception we visit a
of the technology stores and the
expectations are very high we had
many customers who are we and
visiting have left their data
approximately we have already more than 100
people who are waiting for
we bring it to start
make your reservations last week was
its launch in the USA but when
will come to our country of the
approaches that we have had with the
macintosh people we know that it is
possible that it is released for
Latin America for the month of November
of this year
no doubt the iphone5 promises to be
revolutionary but the
technological platform of our country
for this device to work at
100% the iphone supports csp technology
plus therefore the client to be able
make or use all
new features of this iphone in
the equator something that has not yet been
defined is the lte band that goes to
use in Ecuador and the deployment of
the networks of lte which is the fourth
telephony telephony generation
cell that the iphone is coming
trained to operate in the dt but
in Ecuador is not yet deployed
and while the iphone5 reaches the equator
a world of technology visited us this
week it was about the country campus
this is the second time it is done
this event in ecuador 2.500 campuseros
they met at the facilities in
expo to live four days of talks
papers contests with the best
technology and fourth connection
generation and that is one of the
greatest novelties the assistants
they could experience the speed of
thousands of the world's fastest connection
young people from all corners of the country
attended many brought food
shelter and they camped the four days in
this place I am the first campus ero
they have fields part 2002
can stop sleeping eat and even
go to the bathroom but not miss a second
of connection that I will spend the night
and for that I have here the sleeping
a sleeping with sheet
for the footage is a paper behind me
suit for here to sleep we find
people of all ages like mateo cabrera de
14 years one of the youngest
campus bar and is very good many people
technology but is that the campus party
It was a true technological party
now let's see the radiation
we even witness a close fight
robots the public is present in a
side we have the daredevil dremel and the
another side to the invincible mega tummy
like last year Paris campus
it was a success and for the second time
brother to thousands of young people from all over the
country because we like it or not the technology
it stopped being a privilege and thing of the
future is a true necessity of
contemporary world